Update for serving tutorial (#20)
julz/docs: docs/getting-started/first-service.md

!!! tip
    Hit ++"n"++ / ++"."++ on your keyboard to move forward in the tutorial. Use ++"p"++ / ++","++ to go back at any time.
    
==**In this tutorial, we are going to deploy a "Hello world" Service!**== 
This service will accept an environment variable, `TARGET`, and print "`Hello ${TARGET}!`."

> For those of you familiar with other **kubernetes** tools, this may seem familiar. However, since our "Hello world" Service is being deployed as a Knative Service, it gets some **super powers (scale-to-zero, traffic-splitting) out of the box** :rocket:.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For those of you familiar with other **source-to-url** tools, this may seem familiar. However, since our "Hello world" Service is being deployed as a Knative Service, it gets some **super powers (scale-to-zero, traffic-splitting) out of the box** :rocket:.
```

I really was going for "source-to-url" here, trying to keep as much kubernetes language out of the tutorial as possible. It's also a very common pattern to do source -> url

curl http://hello.default.127.0.0.1.nip.io
```

> **Expected output:**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
==**Expected output:**==
```
